---
layout: post
title: "'Mmm' Guys"
date: 2025-07-15 09:00:00 -0400
categories: ["story", "dating"]
---

For the sake of a little shakeup and because I know my reading audience enjoys a little spice, I'm going to write a little bit more about dating on this blog, when the mood strikes. Today I want to talk about a behaviour some men possess.

## The 'Mmm' Guys

What is with people and comparing me to food? I'm not totally sure I understand it. I'm not saying there's never a time, but if someone opens by telling me I am 'delicious' or 'a snack' then they have done the opposite of give me any appetite. Worst yet a guy opens with 'mmmm' before saying much else, it gives me the deepest of creepy chills.

But story time hasn't even begun yet, because the meat of this story extends to a real date I had, who saved his 'mmmm's for in-person.

## The Date

We met on a dating site a couple of summers ago. His approach was reasonable initially.  He was a little bit older, which tends to be my preference because of some correlation with maturity, though it's never guaranteed. He expressed interest in properly dating, and meeting me for dinner for our first date. I agreed and we set a date for a few days later that week.

We went for Korean food near me and shared chats. Things were reasonably comfortable. I was still a little uncertain about how I felt about the connection, but I was leaning in to the experience so that I could properly assess how I felt. He was fairly gentlemanly, which I like, and the way he treated me felt affirming. I was feeling open to having a second date.

## A little makeout

I certainly had no interest in a sexual experience on a first date, but I wasn't opposed to a little bit of making out. So we decided to hang out at my place and have a drink and chat a bit more. Naturally, some kissing ensued... and this is where it all got a bit weird.

"Mmmmm"
"Mmmmm"

He kept letting out these moans without saying much else and I started to feel a bit disconnected from the experience. His head was clearly starting to go somewhere else where he was driven by fetish, rather than a desire to emotionally connect with me. I increasingly started to feel like I just wanted to get through this and be alone. It's such a hard thing to remove onself though.

A man 'mmmm'ing all over me... Is it a strange thing to have as a hard limit? I do not consent to "mmmm". Even if I consent to all the rest.

## Breaking ties (or trying to)

After a little bit of time passed, I mentioned I had work the next day and needed to wrap things up. I tried to have a positive finish to the evening despite feeling a bit off from his cringey behaviour. I made a joke about not leaving anything behind like in Seinfeld when George leaves behind a hat to try to score a second date by coming back to pick it up. We had been tlaking about Seinfeld earlier that evening so I don't think he clued in to my joke being a thinly veiled truth about how things went.

Despite this, he did in fact leave behind his vaporizer in the end. Oy vey! I proceeded to get voice texts from this guy for the next several weeks sending me 'kisses' and trying to set up a second date. It eventually turned to 'when can i pick up my vaporizer'. I wasn't ignoring his messages, but I wasn't playing into anything but the bare minimum communication necessary to get him his property back.

Nonetheless, he decided to show up at my door unannounced one day weeks later, while I was in the middle of a conversation with someone else I was dating at the time. I was mildly embarassed, but even more frustrated at how inconsiderate it was to not even send a text in advance to ask if I was home. Luckily my date laughed it off with me.

## The end

I still find myself from time to time shaking off the memory of that date and the trouble I had getting rid of him. Now I'm not sure that all of this painful behaviour is representative of all men that go 'mmmm' when they talk to women, but I'm saying I have collected a small sample size or evidence that there is a correlation!

I told this story to a couple of friends and they thought it was funny though, so I decided to write it up and share. We talk about 'mmm' guys sometimes when we want to share a laugh.